User Guide: How to Drag and Drop Items
When you have a list of items (like categories) that you can rearrange, you can usually perform the following actions:

1. Reordering Items (Making them Siblings)
If you want to change the order of items at the same level, you drag an item and drop it between two other items.

How to do it:

Click and hold the item you want to move.
Drag it up or down.
As you drag, you should see a placeholder line or a highlighted space appear between the other items.
Release the mouse button when the placeholder is where you want the item to be.
Result: The item will now be a "sibling" to the items around it, at the same indentation level.

2. Making an Item a Child
To make an item a child of another, you need to drag it and drop it onto the item you want to become its parent. This is often indicated by a change in indentation.

How to do it:

Click and hold the item you want to make a child (e.g., "Sub Category 1").
Drag it slightly to the right and over the item you want to be the parent (e.g., "Main Category").
The parent item ("Main Category") will often become highlighted, and you might see the item you are dragging become indented.
Release the mouse button.
Result: "Sub Category 1" is now a child of "Main Category" and will appear indented underneath it.

3. Making an Item a "Grandchild" (or Deeper)
The process is the same. To make an item a sub-child, you simply make it a child of an existing child item.

How to do it:

Drag the item you want to move (e.g., "Sub-sub Category").
Drop it onto the item that should be its parent (e.g., "Sub Category 1").
Result: The item becomes a child of "Sub Category 1", indented even further.

4. Making a Child Item a Parent (Moving it to the Root/Top Level)
To move an indented child item back to the top level, you drag it out from under its parent.

How to do it:

Click and hold the child item you want to move.
Drag it to the left, out from under its parent.
You will see the placeholder line appear at the top level (with no indentation).
Release it between other top-level items or at the very top or bottom of the list.
Result: The item is no longer a child and is now at the same level as the other main items.